== Instructional Oval Ski Club Website User Guide ==

This is an instructional guide on how to efficiently use the Oval Ski Club website inside this repository that has been built using ruby on rails.

If you wish to download this repository, navigate back to the osc folder and type the given command for either HTTP, SSH or Git Read-Only.
You can also click on the ZIP option which downloads this repository as a zipped folder which requires the files to be extracted.

When downloading this repository, ensure you make a note of the directory this folder is located in. 
From this, you will be able to use the terminal efficiently and be able to run the website successfully.

Check you are in the correct directory by typing "pwd" into the terminal, if not, type "ls" and press enter.
From this, a number of folders may appear depending on your system. Simply find the correct folder and type cd followed a space and the folder name.

The website contains 10 pages and these are as follows:

- Index
- About Us
- Social Activities
- Club Sessions
- Club Holidays
- Racing Team
- Contact Us
- FAQ
- Announcements
- Events

localhost:3000/welcome/index <---- URL for home page
localhost:3000/welcome/about <---- URL for about us page
localhost:3000/welcome/social <---- URL for social activities page
localhost:3000/welcome/faq <---- URL for faq page
localhost:3000/welcome/contact <---- URL for contact us page
localhost:3000/welcome/sessions <---- URL for club sessions page
localhost:3000/welcome/holidays <---- URL for club holidays page
localhost:3000/welcome/racing <---- URL for racing team page
localhost:3000/events/ <---- URL for events page *
localhost:3000/announcements/ <---- URL for announcements page *

* - website pages that contain built in databases

Shown above are the URLs that correspond to each website page.

Once you are in the correct directory and wish to view the website, type "rails s" into the terminal and the rails server should initialise. 
From this, you can type in any of the URL's above and press enter to start viewing the website.

The databases included on both the events and announcement webpages enable you to create, edit and delete records.
In the case of this website the records are associated with club events and announcements on the Oval Ski Club website that are either create, edited or deleted by a user.

If you wish to stop the rails server from running, use the ctrl-c keyboard shortcut.
